{
  "title": "August 2014 Update",
  "published": "2014-08-27 00:00",
  "categories": ["Update"],
  "authors": ["Arlene Bailey"]
}

<p>
	Dear Friends, Family, and Fellow Believers,</p>
<p>
	We would like to give you an update of everything that has been happening in Haiti for the past few months. We have been through many trials and tribulations and are almost at the brink of giving up. But in my heart even though we have been through much, I don&rsquo;t believe God wants us to give up.</p>
<p>
	After I left Haiti in May, all the children and staff came down with <a href="http://www.cdc.gov/chikungunya/">chikungunya</a> fever. Several people in our area died of the fever. Only by the grace of God our children and staff were spared. Also this set us back financially.&nbsp; Because of the added expense, we couldn&rsquo;t pay the rent for three months on the orphanage. Even when everything is running better we still don&rsquo;t have enough to run the orphanage daily. We take in a little under a thousand dollars a month and our expenses run over two thousand dollars a month. So our staff doesn&rsquo;t get paid the full amount they deserve and the rent hasn&rsquo;t been paid. We also lost our vehicle because we couldn&rsquo;t afford to fix it any more, so now we are without a vehicle. Also last month, one of the children got deathly sick and ended up in the hospital. The doctors thought he had tuberculous, but after several tests and four days in the hospital, he is back home and doing well. But again, it was an added expense, and it put us behind even more.</p>
<p>
	The school term will be starting in September and we need anywhere between 3000-3500 dollars to send the kids to school for the year.&nbsp; This figure includes the price of tuition, books, and uniforms for our eleven children to attend a Christian school for the year. We have the option to send them to public school for less, but the public schools are not good in Haiti so the extra cost is worth it for the kids to get a better education and to be taught the Word of God.</p>
<p>
	Also we have not had any water at the orphanage for over eight months. Right now we are buying water which has been a real hardship on our workers who have to carry buckets of water for 15 people into the orphanage for baths and toilets. As long as we don&rsquo;t pay the rent, the landlord doesn&rsquo;t have money to fix the well. We have already spent over two thousand dollars to fix the well and can&rsquo;t afford to do that anymore.</p>
<p>
	If you can help in any way, we would appreciate it greatly. Please, if anything keep us in your prayers. God Bless you all and we hope the next newsletter will bring you some good news. To give to the orphanage visit <a href="/pages/donate">http://www.godlovedtheworld.com/pages/donate</a>, or you can send a check to the address below.</p>
<p>
	In Christ&rsquo;s Service<br />
	Evangelist &amp; Missionary<br />
	Arlene Bailey</p>
<p>

For tax deductible donations, see our [donations page](/pages/donate).
