{
  "title": "April 2014 Update"
  "published": "2014-04-07 00:00"
  "categories": ["Update"],
  "authors": ["Arlene Bailey"]
}

<p>
	Dear Friends, family, and fellow believers,</p>
<p>
	Greetings in the name of the our Lord Jesus Christ. &nbsp;I can&rsquo;t believe another year has gone by. We are in operation and moving ahead by the grace of God. It&rsquo;s been a real trying year, but we believe God is with us and that He has helped us through each day and every situation.</p>
<p>
	We want to give you an update on what is happening in Haiti at the orphanage. We now have eleven children and we are expecting to take more in the future. We have nine children that are going to school. &nbsp;There are two girls that can&rsquo;t go to school for a lack of funds. &nbsp;But they all seem very happy and content. It is a joy to know these children are not suffering any longer, and they are in a safe place and eating.</p>
<p>
	We had a team come down in December from Dominion Church, Kacey, Aaron, Misty, and Paul. They were such a blessing and an encouragement to us all. They brought Christmas presents for all the children, clothes, and other supplies. We gave the kids a little party and Christmas stockings before Christmas, while the team was there. They took time to play and just be with the children. We all hope they will come back again. &nbsp;We want to thank the Pastor and all the people of Dominion Church who gave to make Christmas possible.</p>
<p>
	Also Bill Glidden came for a week who is also from Texas. He did some needed work around the orphanage. We also were very blessed to have him there. He took time to pray with us which really touched my heart.</p>
<p>
	I would again like to thank those who have given throughout the year, both those that give regularly and one time givers. And of course we also thank those who have given of their time in prayer. We would have never made it without God, prayer, and financial support.</p>
<p>
	We ask that you continue to pray for us. We are in need of a vehicle since our jeep broke down. It needed so many repairs that we felt it would be too much to fix it, and so we no longer have it. &nbsp;Also we need to move from the house we are in because the well went dry and we have no water. Our neighbor has been giving us water but we can&rsquo;t keep on getting water this way. So we are looking for another house to rent that has running water. We are still in need of supporters. We have gained some, but it is still not enough to take care of our needs. If God would lead you to help us we would be grateful.</p>
<p>
	<span id="docs-internal-guid-27d34e6e-3e5d-2a1f-509c-ed80a093f9b1">God Bless,</span><br />
	Evangelist &amp; Missionary,<br />
	Arlene Bailey</p>
