{
  "title": "July 2016 Update",
  "published": "2016-07-01 23:02",
  "categories": ["Update"],
  "authors": ["Arlene Bailey"]
}

Dear Friends, family, and fellow believers,

Greetings in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. On my recent trip to Haiti in April and May, we found all the children well. Pastor Romain has done a wonderful job of getting the school started. The children are happy and doing well in school. We are thankful for the teachers and workers who have stuck with us. There were many times we couldn't pay them, but they continue to work. The loss of pay often times forces them to walk to the orphanage because they can't purchase transportation; yet they endure and continue to teach.

We thank God for the opportunities to preach the gospel. We had a couple of chances to minister forth His Word. We believe we are not only in Haiti for the orphanage, but also to let people know about Jesus and His love, to encourage the body of Christ, and to win souls.

We want to thank everyone that supports this ministry which includes those who support us in prayer, those who support us through regular monetary contributions, and those who have given a one time offering. We want to specially thank Diane Shepard, who spent two weeks with me in Haiti. She was a real blessing and encouragement.

We are a sending out an S.O.S. because we are really struggling financially. We are behind on rent, salaries, and the electric bill. We are in need of $7000 to catch up. We are praying that we will not go under and that we can keep on going. September will mark the five year anniversary of the ministry. We can't believe that God has gotten us this far to shut down now. We are in need of monthly supporters. If God places it on your heart to give, visit our website or see our address below. And also remember to keep us in your prayers. We understand that not everyone can give monetarily.

Also we want everyone to know we have 17 children now and 7 workers which includes 3 teachers. We would like to take in more children, but we decided to wait until we catch up on our bills. This is our heart's desire to continue to spread the love of Jesus to a lost and dying world, to reach those who are in need of help whether it be spiritually or physically, and to reach the fatherless and widows which according to James 1:27 is pure religion.

God Bless, 
Evangelist & Missionary,
Arlene Bailey

For tax deductible donations, make checks to:
God So Loved The World Ministries
193 Piedmont Drive
Dover DE, 19904
302-730-3537
