{
  "title": "July 2015 Update",
  "published": "2015-07-28 14:53",
  "categories": ["Update"],
  "authors": ["Arlene Bailey"],
  "image": "/img/posts/11008564_884689474910850_9071935392535153747_n.jpg"
}

Greetings in the name of the our Lord Jesus Christ. I haven't written a newsletter lately; time seems to just fly by. The children are well and happy. They have finished another school year this June and it was a miracle all the children were able to go to school. God supplied enough money for all of them to go, but we are in need of funds for the upcoming school year which starts in September. Between the tuition, books, and uniforms it costs us about $5000 - $6000 to send them to school for the year. Of course that is for all 14 children and we need to raise that money before September. So please keep us in your prayers.

We want to take the time to thank God and all the people that support us. For the one time gifts and all the prayers that have gone up for us, our hearts are full of gratitude and appreciation. Also we want to thank Pastor Greg and Dominion Church for the help and support they have given us throughout the year. We also are thankful for Shane and Christy who came to visit us in Haiti and for the 6 bunk beds Dominion Church bought for the orphanage. Now all the children have a bed to sleep in and they don't have to double up.

We ask you continue to pray for us because we are still in need of a vehicle. We did not have to move since the landlord fixed the pump for us, and we have water now. We still have to carry buckets into the orphanage, but at least we have water on the property. We are still in need of supporters. We receive about $1400/month and are monthly expenses are about $2500. So it is a miracle how we make it through. Only by the grace of God do we make it daily. If God would lead you to help us, we would be grateful for any amount of support.
